What's the greatest science fiction book ever written
removing your, uh, work from consideration.
Uh, greatest.
I'm I'm loving.
Torturing you right now. Greatest ever in non Stevenson, do we include fantasy?
There's have to be science fiction.
Oh, interesting fantasy. Hmm.
I, I did not expect that twist, uh, well, in.
For, in a weird way, they're a lump together in people's minds. Right. So they.
Are, but it they're, but there's also a boundary somehow. Yeah.
I'm not sure what that is.
Exactly. Nobody is. It's a mystery <laugh> um, so I mean,
if we do include it, then it's easily the, the Lord of the rings. Um, but, um,
I mean, greatness is, uh, interesting quality to, uh,
to try to define. Um, and for me,
uh, a lot of the, the fun and the joy of such books is,
is not an what you'd call greatness, but just storytelling.
So I was always a big fan of, has have space suit we'll travel,
which is a Highline young adult book. It's just, uh, it's just a fun, good read.
Um, so.
So, so fun's a big component. Greatness is overrated. Well.
I don't know over rated, but it's just, you know, it's,
it might be under defined. Let's put it that way. <laugh> so.
How space it will travel now I definitely have to read that one.